---
layout: post
title:  "Don't Let the Words 'Chinese Festival' Fool You"
author: Marianne
categories: [ study abroad ]
image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1589852708237-48d4d682fe34?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=755&q=80
---

Exactly 2 weeks in today and it feels like Singapore has been home for so long. I last left off with my experience in Little India, an ethnic enclave in Singapore, talking about what I saw there regarding inequality when it comes to race and socioeconomics. To finish of our tours to the ethnic enclaves of Singapore, on Thursday, we visited Chinatown. Both Wednesday and Thursday, I was able to learn many things about Chinese culture through our visits of Haw Par Village and Chinatown.

If I’m honest, learning about the 10 Courts of Hell and Chinese Folklore quite terrified me. For not listening to my parents I might get smashed by a boulder? That seems a little harsh. Though I left not convinced of the Chinese folklore, my eyes were definitely opened to the different beliefs that those of Chinese descent might have. Along with this, we also visited Thian Hock Keng Temple, one of the oldest Taoist temples not too far from Chinatown (or in Chinatown, I can’t remember). While we were there, I watched (in a non-creepy way) a man give his offerings/prayers. It was very interesting, seeing someone go through the process, as I have never seen it before. Along with that, I feel that through my visit in Haw Par Villa and Thian Hock Keng Temple, I learned a lot about Chinese culture through the art (the way the gods/10 Courts of Hell was portrayed) as well as the set up of the temple.

Afterward, we went to Tong Heng for very famous egg tarts. I had heard that egg tarts were very famous in Hong Kong and tasted like custard. When I actually tried it, it was enjoyable but very egg-y in flavor. Apparently, the egg tarts are also very famous in Portugal and these egg tarts were closer to the flavor of Portuguese egg tarts than Hong Kong egg tarts.

Earlier that day, we visited the famous Maxwell Hawker center and I waited in the long line for Tian Tian’s Chicken Rice. It was well worth it. Looking around the hawker center, I would say that the proportion of Chinese to Indian to Malay cuisine was very uneven. However, this was to be expected as 76% of the people that live in Singapore are ethnically Chinese, 15% are Malay and 7% are Indian (at 2003, the year the reading in class was written).

Making a reference to my title, on Saturday a group of us went to Keong Saik to meet with Dan and YongMin. We thought that it would be a traditional Chinese festival China, but we couldn’t be more wrong. Their tagline was “Old Streets, New Treats”. After observing that Singapore was a clean, strict country, it was quite a shock seeing such a gathering of people drinking and dirtying up the streets. I also noticed a large population of foreigners- an interesting observation.

Out of everything that we did this week however, I most enjoyed the Singaporean film we watched, Ilo Ilo (a place in the Philippines and translated from Chinese “Mom and Dad Are Not Home”- here’s the link to a Wikipedia synopsis of the movie https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ilo_Ilo ) and going to the Peranakan Museum. I learned a lot about the relationship between foreign workers and Singaporeans through the movie as well as noticed that all the characters, with the exception of 4 were Singaporean Chinese in the movie. The issue of racial equality comes back again. The Peranakan Museum was an enlightening experience and I learned about a special case of mixed races in Singapore. After visiting the museum, I was very much excited to learn more about it and I’m super excited to eat Peranakan food later this week! How will the mixture of races affect the taste, appearance and such of the food? I’m excited to find out!
